# Privacy Policy

Filipe Rui Rocha Oliveira (“we”, “us”, or “our”)

email: <support@frroliveira.com>

is the provider of this website and mobile applications linking to this page. This privacy policy informs you the why and how we collect, store, use, and share your personal information, if you use our services. You will be required to accept it to use our mobile applications.

## 1 Mobile Applications

When using our mobile applications the following data may be collected and stored locally on your device:

* level scores
* game progress (e.g. tutorial completion, last level played)
* consumables (e.g. hints)
* consent statuses (e.g. with this policy)
* settings (e.g. sound, language)
* playtime - total playing time since install or last data reset

Purpose | We aim to provide you with a consistent and comfortable experience when using our applications.
Legal Basis | You have given us consent.
Storage | Data will be kept until the application is uninstalled or data is cleared through the device settings menu.

When your device is connected to the Internet other data may be collected. See more in the following sections.

## 2 Mobile Identifiers

Our mobile applications may process identifiers that can be used to uniquely identify you, solely as part of any of the purposes mentioned in the sections below. These identifiers are:

* for Apple devices unique per device
   * advertising identifier - see [more](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT205223)
   * identifier for vendor
* for Android devices unique per device and user
   * advertising identifier - see [more](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/6048248?hl=en)
   * android identifier
* for all devices unique per device and application
   * firebase instance identifier
   * analytics instance identifier

You can opt-out from being identified based on your advertising identifier through your device Settings application as specified in the links above.

## 3 Advertising

Our mobile applications use the AdMob with Firebase service provided by Google for serving advertising to you. This service allows us to work with other advertisers that may also process your data. Our advertising partners are the following:

* Google - read their [privacy policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en) and [ads policy](https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads)
* AdColony - read their [privacy policy](https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/)
* Chartboost - read their [privacy policy](https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269)

Purpose | We aim to show you advertising that is useful to you. Our legitimate interests and of our partners require also the ability to apply frequency capping, aggregate reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
Legal Basis | You have given us consent.
Storage | Data will be kept for as long as necessary to fulfil the identified purpose, except if required otherwise by law.

### 3.1 Google

Google may process your Mobile Identifiers as well as:

* IP addresses to infer location
* device information, such as your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer
* infer demographic information

### 3.2 AdColony

AdColony may process your Mobile Identifiers as well as:

> ads viewed, interactions and transactions within ads or apps, the time/date of these events, mobile device type and characteristics, and mobile service provider.

### 3.3 Chartboost

Chartboost may process your Mobile Identifiers as well as:

> bundle ID, language ID, operating system version, device model, software developer kit (SDK) version, unique device identifier, IP address, and Media Access Control (MAC) address.

They may also

> collect additional stats about videos and video playback such as: start/boot-up information, amount played/session length information, memory on device used for our video cache, videos cached on a device and complete view event.

They will

> identify an end user’s device using Chartboost’s internal device ID, which is linked to an end user’s Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID, as applicable.

## 4 Analytics

Our mobile applications use the Google Analytics for Firebase and Crashlytics services for processing usage data and crash data, respectively. Both services are provided by Google.

### 4.1 Usage Data

Google Analytics for Firebase may process the data mentioned under the Mobile Identifiers section. Such data may be linked and processed together with the following event data:

* level: started, finished.
* consumable used.
* screen viewed (with screen identifier and class).
* purchase completed (with product identifier, product name, currency, and quantity).
* application - opened, first opened, removed, data cleared, error occurred, updated (with previous version).
* advertisement - requested, seen, displayed, clicked, reward granted.
* operating system updated (with previous version).
* user engaged (with duration of engagement).
* session started - triggered when using the application after a period of inactivity of at least 30 minutes.

The Mobile Identifiers may also be linked and processed together with the following properties:

* country - derived from your IP address
* demographics: age, gender - inferred from activity on your device
* interests - inferred from activity on your device
* application version
* app store from which the application was installed
* operating system: version, language
* device: model, brand, category (e.g. mobile or tablet)
* date and time when you first opened the application
* whether you have first opened the application more than 7 days ago

Purpose | We aim to improve the services we deliver to you by understanding who are our users and how they interact with our applications.
Legal Basis | You have given us consent.
Storage | Personally identifiable data will be kept for 60 days. Aggregate reporting data will be kept without automatic expiration.

### 4.2 Crash Data

Crashlytics may process the following data that uniquely identifies you:

* crashlytics universal unique identifier - device and application identifier
* crash traces - application execution state at the moment of crash

The data mentioned above may be linked and processed together with the following properties:

* date and time of the crash
* device: model, brand, orientation, free memory, free disk space
* application: version, foreground and background state
* operating system: version, orientation, jailbroken or rooted

Purpose | We aim to deliver the best user experience to you by making our applications bug free. Crash reporting will not only surface to us eventual bugs but also provide us with useful information to quickly correct them.
Legal Basis | You have given us consent.
Storage | Personally identifiable data will be kept for 90 days.

## 5 Remote Configuration

Our mobile applications use the Firebase Remote Config service provided by Google to fetch the most up-to-date application configuration. This service may process the following data that uniquely identifies you:

* firebase instance identifier

Such information may be processed together with analytics data for the purpose referenced below.

Purpose | We aim to deliver new or improved functionalities without the hassle that updating an application may be.
Legal Basis | You have given us consent.
Storage | Data will be kept without automatic expiration. It may be deleted upon request after which time it may take up to 180 days for being removed.

## 6 Purchases

When making purchases in our mobile applications all billing and financial information is processed by our payment service providers. The processing of such data is then governed by their privacy policies:

* [Apple](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/)
* [Google](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)

The providers only share with us a transaction/order identifier that is not stored or further processed by us.

## 7 Data Security

While we strive to apply the most secure methods of data protection available we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data. This means that your data may be lost, misused or altered without our intention. In the case of such events we will notify you of the breach and assist you under the principles of good faith and best effort.

### 7.1 Service Providers

In order to fulfil the services we propose to you we use the services of data processors from non-EU countries. These processors are certified under the EU-US and Swiss-EU Privacy Shield framework giving enough guarantees to the processing of your personal data in the United States. You can view these certifications under the following links:

* [Google LLC](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active)
* [Chartboost](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TTbcAAG&status=Active)
* [AdColony](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TNgtAAG&status=Active)

### 7.2 Third-Party Services

Our services may contain links to third-party services including the content of advertisements shown to you. These services are neither operated by us or linked to us by any contract. We are not responsible for how they use your personal information and we can only advise that you read their privacy policies.

### 7.3 Data Protection Officer

For effects of EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) our data protection officer is:

Filipe Rui Rocha Oliveira

email: <support@frroliveira.com>

## 8 Your Rights

Information | This privacy policy aims to provide you with all the information about how we process your data.
Data Access | You can obtain a copy of the data we hold about you.
Data Correctness | You can ask us to correct any of your personal data.
Data Deletion | You can request for any information about you to be erased. We won’t however delete information that we are required to keep by law.
Data Portability | You can ask us to provide your data in a machine-readable format and send it to another data controller.
Object to Processing | You may ask us to stop processing your data for marketing purposes or on grounds of your particular situation.
Restriction of Processing | You may further ask us to stop processing your data, as per legal legislation applicable to you.
Non-Automated Individual Processing | You can ask us not to reach decisions affecting you based solely on automated processing, as per legal legislation applicable to you.
Withdraw Consent | You can withdraw consent to data processing at any time. This won’t apply to any data collected before withdrawal.
Complain | We hope to resolve any issue you might have as efficient and quickly as possible. However you can always lodge a complaint with a data protection authority in your jurisdiction.

## 9 Children

Our services are not to be used by anyone under the age of 16 (“Children”).

If you are a parent or a guardian and you became aware that your Children has provided us personal information, please contact us.

## 10 Changes to our Privacy Policy

We may update our privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of such changes via a notification on our services. We won't however notify you of minor changes such as typos.

<br/>
May 27, 2019
